.\" Copyright (c) 2013 Drew Thoreson
.\"
.\" %%%LICENSE_START(VERBATIM)
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" This manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume
.\" no responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" %%%LICENSE_END
.\"
.TH UFIBER_REF 3 27/12/2013 Linux "ufibers Manual"
.nh
.ad l
.SH NAME
ufiber_ref \- reference a fiber
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB#include <ufiber.h>\fR

\fBvoid ufiber_ref(ufiber_t \fR\fIfiber\fR\fB);\fR

\fBvoid ufiber_unref(ufiber_t \fR\fIfiber\fR\fB);\fR

Link with \fI\-lufiber\fR.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBufiber_ref\fR() and \fBufiber_unref\fR() functions increment and
decrement, respectively, the reference count for the fiber specified by
\fIfiber\fR.

If the target fiber has terminated and \fBufiber_unref\fR() sets its reference
count to zero, then it is destroyed (i.e., the resources allocated for it are
freed).  If the target thread is running and \fBufiber_unref\fR() sets its
reference count to zero, the results are undefined.
.SH RETURN VALUE
These functions do not return a value.
.SH ERRORS
This function always succeeds.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBufiber_create\fR(3), \fBufiber_exit\fR(3), \fBufiber_join\fR(3)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2013 Drew Thoreson.
