.\" Copyright (c) 2013 Drew Thoreson
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2008 Linux Foundation, written by Michael Kerrisk
.\"     <mtk.manpages@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" %%%LICENSE_START(VERBATIM)
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" This manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume
.\" no responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" %%%LICENSE_END
.\"
.TH UFIBER_EXIT 3 27/12/2013 Linux "ufibers Manual"
.nh
.ad l
.SH NAME
ufiber_exit \- terminate calling fiber
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB#include <ufiber.h>\fR

\fBvoid ufiber_exit(void *\fR\fIretval\fR\fB);\fR

Link with \fI\-lufiber\fR.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBufiber_exit\fR() function terminates the calling fiber and returns a
value \fIretval\fR that is available to another fiber in the same process that
calls \fBufiber_join\fR(3).

When a fiber terminates, process\-shared resources (e.g., mutexes, condition
variables, semaphores, and file descriptors) are not released, and functions
registered using \fBatexit\fR(3) are not called.

After the last fiber in a process terminates, the process terminates as by
calling \fBexit\fR(3) with an exit status of zero; thus, process\-shared
resources are released and functions registered using \fBatexit\fR(3) are called.
.SH RETURN VALUE
This function does not return to the caller.
.SH ERRORS
This function always succeeds.
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBufiber_create\fR(3), \fBufiber_join\fR(3)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2013 Drew Thoreson.

This page is derived from the \fBpthread_exit\fR() man page from the Linux
\fIman\-pages\fR project, Copyright (c) 2008 Linux Foundation, written by Michael Kerrisk.
