.\" Copyright (c) 2013 Drew Thoreson
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2008 Linux Foundation, written by Michael Kerrisk
.\"     <mtk.manpages@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" %%%LICENSE_START(VERBATIM)
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" This manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume
.\" no responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" %%%LICENSE_END
.\"
.TH UFIBER_JOIN 3 27/12/2013 Linux "ufibers Manual"
.nh
.ad l
.SH NAME
ufiber_join \- join with a terminated thread
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB#include <ufiber.h>\fR

\fBint ufiber_join(ufiber_t \fR\fIfiber\fR\fB, void **\fR\fIretval\fR\fB);\fR

Link with \fI\-lufiber\fR.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBufiber_join\fR() function waits for the fiber specified by \fIfiber\fR
to terminate.  If that fiber has already terminated, then \fBufiber_join\fR()
returns immediately.  The calling fiber must possess a reference to the fiber
specified by \fIfiber\fR.

If \fIretval\fR is not NULL, then \fBufiber_join\fR() copies the exit status of
the target fiber (i.e., the value that the target fiber supplied to
\fBufiber_exit\fR(3)) into the location pointed to by \fI*retval\fR.

If multiple fibers simultaneously try to join with the same fiber, then each
fiber will receive the exit status of the target fiber in \fI*retval\fR.  Note
that this differs from \fBpthreads\fR, where the results of simultaneous joins
are undefined.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On sucess, \fBufiber_join\fR() returns 0; on error, it returns an error number.
.SH ERRORS
[EDEADLK]
.RS
A deadlock was detected (e.g., two threads tried to join with each other); or
\fIthread\fR specifies the calling thread.
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBufiber_create\fR(3), \fBufiber_exit\fR(3), \fBufiber_ref\fR(3),
\fBufiber_unref\fR(3)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2013 Drew Thoreson.

This page is derived from the \fBpthread_join\fR() man page from the Linux
\fIman\-pages\fR project, Copyright (c) 2008 Linux Foundation, written by
Michael Kerrisk.
