.\" Copyright (c) 2013 Drew Thoreson
.\"
.\" Copyright (c) 2008 Linux Foundation, written by Michael Kerrisk
.\"     <mtk.manpages@gmail.com>
.\"
.\" %%%LICENSE_START(VERBATIM)
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" This manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume
.\" no responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" %%%LICENSE_END
.\"
.TH UFIBER_CREATE 3 27/12/2013 Linux "ufibers Manual"
.nh
.ad l
.SH NAME
ufiber_create \- create a new fiber
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB#include <ufiber.h>\fR

\fBint ufiber_create(ufiber_t *\fR\fIfiber\fR\fB, unsigned long \fR\fIflags\fR\fB,
.RS
.RS
void *(*\fR\fIstart_routine\fR\fB) (void *), void *\fR\fIarg\fR\fB);\fR
.RE
.RE

Link with \fI\-lufiber\fR.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBufiber_create\fR() function starts a new fiber.  The new fiber starts
execution by invoking \fIstart_routine\fR(); \fIarg\fR is passed as the sole
argument of \fIstart_routine\fR().

The new fiber terminates in one of the following ways:

* It calls \fBufiber_exit\fR(3), specifying an exit status value that is
available to another fiber that calls \fBufiber_join\fR(3).

* It returns from \fIstart_routine\fR().  This is equivalent to calling
\fBufiber_exit\fR(3) with the value supplied in the \fIreturn\fR statement.

* Any of the fibers in the process calls \fBexit\fR(3), or the main thread
performs a return from \fImain\fR().  This causes the termination of all fibers
in the process.

Before returning, a successful call to \fBufiber_create\fR() stores the ID of
the new fiber in the buffer pointed to by \fIfiber\fR; this identifier is used
to refer to the fiber in subsequent calls to other ufibers functions.
.SH RETURN VALUE
On success, \fBufiber_create\fR() returns 0; on error, it returns an error
number, and the contents of \fI*fiber\fR are undefined.
.SH ERRORS
[ENOMEM]
.RS
There was an error allocating memory for the fiber.
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBufiber_exit\fR(3), \fBufiber_join\fR(3)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2013 Drew Thoreson.

This page is derived from the \fBpthread_create\fR() man page from the Linux
\fIman\-pages\fR project, Copyright (c) 2008 Linux Foundation, written by
Michael Kerrisk.
