.\" Copyright (c) 2013 Drew Thoreson
.\"
.\" %%%LICENSE_START(VERBATIM)
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" This manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume
.\" no responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" %%%LICENSE_END
.\"
.TH UFIBER_YIELD 3 27/12/2013 Linux "ufibers Manual"
.nh
.ad l
.SH NAME
ufiber_yield, ufiber_yield_to \- yield control to another fiber
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fB#include <ufiber.h>\fR

\fBvoid ufiber_yield(void);\fR

\fBint ufiber_yield_to(ufiber_t \fR\fIfiber\fR\fB);\fR

Link with \fI\-lufiber\fR.
.SH DESCRIPTION
The \fBufiber_yield\fR() function invokes the \fBufibers\fR scheduler,
yeilding control to another fiber.  If no other fibers are able to run (e.g.,
if all other fibers have terminated) then this function returns immediately.

The \fBufiber_yield_to\fR() function yields control to the fiber specified by
\fIfiber\fR.  If the target fiber is not able to run, \fBufiber_yield_to\fR()
returns immediately.
.SH RETURN VALUE
The \fBufiber_yield\fR() function does not return a value.

On success, \fBufiber_yield_to\fR() returns 0; on error, it returns an error
number.
.SH ERRORS
[EAGAIN]
.RS
The target fiber was not ready to run (e.g., it was blocked on a call to
\fBufiber_join\fR()).
.RE
[ESRCH]
.RS
No fiber exists with the given ID, or the target fiber has terminated.
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBufiber_join\fR(3)
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (c) 2013 Drew Thoreson.
